hey guys how's it going Toby a look
about to break the video here on my
channel say we have got a skull but if
you guys and it's an absolutely amazing
team in the 433 formation and is the
fourth variant so we've got a bit of a
gold and silver mix for round about a
hundred and fifty thousand coins and I
didn't expect this to be that good
because the defense is pretty much all
silver of that it is all silver and I
thought it was going to be kind of
average and it's so so good honestly it
is absolutely phenomenal really really
recommend it I took a little more once
we get some gameplay butts before you
get started if you're looking for a
place to get some coins check the link
in the description for the fifa shop top
could UK a really awesome website and if
used two coats ob10 you get a discount
off every single one of your orders when
you're at the checkout screen and like i
said in the previous video they're doing
a big competition so check out the
website and can find out more details
but like i said this team is actually so
good and the defense we have two
absolute monsters from gang so coulibaly
six-foot-five and embody i think was six
foot four but coulibaly is it's a tank
isn't absolute brute and he's so good in
the air like with his team aerial
threats don't actually exist because
they're not threats they're not threat
in the any way shape or form even though
your left back and the right back are
fairly shorter compared to the cinema is
it's not a problem at all it doesn't
matter whatever because we've got some
other defendants in here that are
actually really really tall as well and
it's just it's so good it really is the
left back and right back are actually
really quick especially bad hannah whole
really crazy quick and then we have got
winning out him when Adams amazing i
haven't used me on this game I don't
think anyway I forgot how good he is
that's 67 passing it's absolute rubbish
he set up some insane goals and they
were so good with a part of like it was
it was something i could ask any more
boy was crazy good as passing i've also
got rooney at sent attacking mid one of
my favorite so playmaking players if
that makes any sense he's just when you
put min team you really feel like the
team complete
you changes them he really makes things
happen I've had teams before if you
remember that feeling the sting a series
I was doing really bad until I got
ruining i think it was and he just
completely changed the game for me as
awesome let me have Fellaini six foot
four medium medium workplace he's gonna
be kind of our more defensive cm so I've
got win the album who's gonna be
attacking like crazy and I've got
Fellaini on the other side doing his job
and defending like an absolute monster
and that is always good at he's so so
good at defending then out right wing we
have got Morales and I didn't think he
was gonna be that good I put him in
because milele needed another link and I
was like it's gonna be a righty that's
pretty solid very very good passing he's
crazy quick and his finishing is
actually really really solid and another
point as well his height attacking work
various in one of the fifth it's really
really helpful and it's actually a joy
to play with that we have got Memphis to
pay I've used it once before and he was
sublime he was really really interesting
to have in a team so one sees him again
I wasn't as good as before be did get a
lover since I think in the six games I
played he has got five assists which is
really solid for a left-wing didn't get
many goals I think got one or two but
then we have got van Persie and yes he
is pretty much the entire cost of the
team but when you have an attack this
deadly you pretty much can't lose I
don't think I actually conceded a goal
because my attack was so solid it just
made for a really solid defense because
the apparent it really had a chance to
score and it was it was amazing it's
it's crazy you can't against a lot of
silver and gold teams like you have as
well so it's a pretty fair match up I
think I came up against some for silver
team as well but I also get some food go
to him so it gives a really interesting
opponent to you when your match made and
it is what it really really works and I
didn't think is gonna this good Bert van
Persie is phenomenal he is such a good
finish that's not even the best example
because he didn't actually score but he
gets in some great positions and this oh
my god I didn't even think to shoe but
it obviously is pretty bad keeping but
still a nice little finish there at me
oddly I was abusing this guy's keeper in
this game I'm not even gonna lie because
it was a self keeper I think I think it
was one of the pro league keepers that's
fairly sure I could be completely wrong
I can't remember at all but I did kind
of abuse aerobics I saw it in the a
position like showcase screen and I was
like I'm going to fire some long-range
shots this guy and see what happens this
is imran let's go i thought it's a
really awesome bill simply because
anything is gonna get towards that at
all and the best way to play this team
is simply sort of build up until your
wingers or your left back where you
right back overlap and then you can do
some awesome plays and is across it in
or just pass it off to one of your
central vacuum it's all your striker and
you're probably gonna score because it's
such a good team the only reason i'm not
gonna give it a 10 a 10 is because
sometimes the goalkeeper was really
really dodging almost cost me so many
goals because you couldn't really keep
hold of stuff but that's not really a
problem because you should be scoring
far too many goals anyway with van
persie so with the team itself you
shouldn't have a problem with possession
should always pretty much have the ball
and that's why i didn't concede any
goals which it's actually pretty crazy
because i'm not even good I'm bad I'm
pretty bad at this game so for me not to
concede in six games is pretty crazy so
I really really recommend this team give
it a like if you have enjoyed the video
and subscribe for some more for myself
but thank you so much watching guys take
care of an amazing day and goodbye